Each moment in a person's life has its own song - says Zoryana Dybovska, who founded Yagody in
2016 in the West Ukrainian city of Lviv, together with students from the local theater faculty. The four
traveled through all the oblasts of Ukraine to explore the musical traditions of the people there. With
this huge collection of songs about love and life, Yagody create their own exciting sound mix,
supported by musicians on drums, trombone, guitar, accordion or the drymba, a Jew's harp of the
Hutsul people from the Carpathians. 

In 2020 Yagody released their debut album, followed by big
performances such as at the medieval festival "Tu Stan!" in Lviv in 2018 or in 2022 at Lodžie Worldfest
in Jičín, Czech Republic. Since Yagody are active in the world of theater, they realize their musical
stage show according to dramaturgical principles, a concert is like a performance in one act. As the
showmaster announced the nameless band at their first concert, he spontaneously presented them
as 'Yagody' which means 'berries'.

Yagody's repertoire consists of poetic songs from all over Ukraine and some regions around, as well as
from the Balkans such as Serbia, Bulgaria and Macedonia. The musicians build a very diverse and
energetic world of melodies, rhythms and themes, which they blend uniquely. A concert with Yagody
is a ritual. It is about listening to the inner self. And to the mythical sound of our ancestors, like the
breath of the wind in the field. The concert guests are completely captivated by Yagodys dance of
voices, which form the eternal pulse of being human. Yagody's songs are like love letters from the
past that haven't arrived yet. Yagody is undoubtedly one of the most charismatic Ukrainian folk
bands!

Medvirkende: 
Zoryana Dybovska: vocals, singing bowl
Sofia Leshishak: vocals, djembe
Valeria Mocharska-Lyulchyk: vocals, percussion
Tatiana Voitov: vocals, bayan
Timur Gogitidze: percussion
Vadym Voitovych: bass guitar

Dag: Søndag 4. juni
Tid: Kl. 13.00	
Varighet: 60 minutter
	

